List reports configured (#839)
MarketSquare/robotframework-robocop: docs/releasenotes/3.2.0.rst

List reports now list all reports (#833)
----------------------------------------

> List reports command previously only listed enabled reports. Now the option list all reports together with its
> enabled/disabled status. Also, internal reports are now omitted::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List reports command (``--list-reports``) previously only listed enabled reports. Now, the option lists all reports
together with their enabled/disabled status. Also, internal reports are now omitted::
```

    > robocop --list-reports
    Available reports:
    file_stats           - Prints overall statistics about number of processed files (disabled)
    rules_by_error_type  - Prints total number of issues grouped by severity (disabled)
    rules_by_id          - Groups detected issues by rule id and prints it ordered by most common (disabled)
    sarif                - Generate SARIF output file (disabled - non-default)
    scan_timer           - Returns Robocop execution time (disabled)
    timestamp            - Returns Robocop execution timestamp. (disabled)
    version              - Returns Robocop version (disabled)

>     Enable report by passing report name using --reports option. Use `all` to enable all default reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable report by passing its name using ``--reports`` option. Use ``all`` to enable all default reports.
```

>     Non-default reports can be only enabled using report name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Non-default reports (like ``sarif``) can be only enabled using their name explicitly.
```

List reports output can be filtered using ENABLED/DISABLED (#833)
------------------------------------------------------------------

> Same as ``--list`` rules option, ``--list-reports`` now support optional ``ENABLED`` / ``DISABLED`` argument to filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as ``--list`` rules option, ``--list-reports`` now supports optional ``ENABLED`` / ``DISABLED`` argument to filter
```
